What is your favourite colour?
What country would you most like to visit?
What is your favourite instrument?
Android or iOS?
What is your favourite school subject?
What is your favourite season?
What is your favourite food?
What is your favourite TV series?
What is one of your happiest memories?
What is your favourite ice cream flavour?
If you were suddenly transported to a remote island, what one item, that is near you currently, would you take with you?
What is your favourite drink?
What is the best board game?
What is a video game you love to play?
What is the coolest YouTube channel?
What is a strange or unique talent of yours?
If you could have any animal as a pet what would you choose?
What is your favourite sport or other physical activity?
How did you come up with your username?
Do you prefer hot or cold weather?
If you could buy any one thing, what would it be?
What is something you would love to learn?
What is your dream job?
If you could pick any fictional world/universe to live in, where would you go?
What is a pet peeve of yours?
What is your favourite game/movie/etc franchise?
What is your favourite quote?
What is your favourite candy/lolly/chocolate?
If you could steal a super power from any superhero/villain what would you choose?
What is a show/movie you loved as a kid?
Tell us an interesting fact about yourself
What is something you are obsessed with?
What is the best joke you know?
If you suddenly found yourself at a singing competition with no time to prepare, what song would you sing?
**G**if or **J**if?
What is the best default discord emote?
What is your favourite holiday?
What is your favourite smell?
What would be your dream holiday?
Do you like pineapple on pizza?
If you could learn any language, which would it be?
What is the best place around your home town for you to visit?
What is an instrument you would love to learn to play?
What's the story behind your profile picture?
Trebuchet or catapult?
What are some hobbies of yours?
What is your favourite song?
What was your first internet username?
What is your favourite book (and what is it about)?
If you could travel through time, where and when would you go?
What is your specialty/skill?
If you had one wish, what would you want?
Who is your favourite musical artist?
What are some of the most important characteristics you look for in a new friend/partner?
What is something you can get really irrationally angry over?
What is something you are excited for or looking forward to?
What is a science fiction technology you wish existed?
If you could only watch 5 movies for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
Who is the best fictional character?
If you could choose an actor/actress to play you in a movie who would it be?
What would be your dream date?
Who is the best disney/pixar character?
Is water wet?
If you could only play one video game for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is an activity you would lik to try?
What is a fictional item from a book/video game/movie that you would like for yourself?
If you could broadcast a message to every person at once, what would you say?
If you could send a message to your past self, what would you say?
What is something you think is underrated?
What is something you think is overrated?
What is something you are grateful for?
If you could meet a person from any time period, who would it be?
What is your favourite word?
What is your earliest memory?
Sweet or savoury?
What is the best holiday you have ever been on?
What was your favourite song as a child?
What is the best thing you have ever eaten?
Describe your dream house?
If you were a teacher and could teach a new subject about anything, what would you cover?
If you could have an unlimited supply of anything, what would you choose?
What jobs did you want when you were younger?
How many siblings do you have?
What would you do if you were immortal?
What is an odd habit of yours?
What is a cool/weird/unique fact about where you live?
What is something you would love to do one day?
In a post apocalyptic universe, you are put in charge of managing one aspect of the new society. What task would you elect yourself for?
If you could write 1 law to be imposed nationwide, what would it be?
What is a quality in a person that you find attractive (not necessarily romantically), that is out of the ordinary?
What is the best gift you've ever received?
What topic could you speak about forever?
What are the best pizza toppings/what is the best type of pizza?
What is an activity you want to do more but lack the time/possibility for?
If you won the lottery what would you do with the money?
What is the craziest thing you've been tricked into doing/believing?
If you could have a custom shirt made, what would you put on it?
Which song do you listen to the most?
What is the favorite piece of clothing you own?
What's the luckiest thing that's happened to you?
Which is the best day of the week?
What would be your dream birthday cake?
If you had the funds, space, means etc to collect anything, what would it be?
If you could view stats for your life, what would you want to see?
What is the best thing about yourself?
If you had the ability to play any instrument, but only one certain song on all of them, what song would that be?
If you could become a particular animal at will, which would it be?
If you could get away with doing any one thing what would you do?
Who is the most inspirational person for you?
If given the option to never have to, and never be able to sleep/nap again would you accept it?
What is the best thing you've ever done?
If you could start up any charity what would it be and why?
What would be your ideal life?
If you could forget anything as to experience it anew, what would it be?
What is something you would never do no matter you were offered in return?
If you were to be locked in a room for a day and could only take 1 (non electronic) item with you what would it be?
If you could project an image into the sky for everyone to see, what would it be?
If you could delete an object or invention from all of history, what would you pick?
If pay wasn't a factor, what would be your dream job?
If you could control things with your mind, what would you do with that power?
If you could make everyone except yourself forget about something what would it be?
If you could have any mythical/fictional creature as a pet, what would it be?
If you got a tattoo, what would it be of?
What is the best figure of speech/expression/etc?
If you could pick any animal to be your friend/companion/sidekick, which would you choose?
What's your favorite vegetable?
If you could talk to animals, which animal would you speak to first?
If you could talk to animals, which animal would you avoid at all costs?
What is the best kind of jam?
What is the best scene out of a movie/tv show?
What's something cool/interesting/exciting/new you've done recently?
What is the best dessert?
What is an aesthetic you love?
What is a stereotype about you that is accurate?
What is the best music genre?
If you could automate any single short mundane task in your life, what would it be?
If you could become really good at one sport, which would it be?
What is your biggest achievement?
What is the weirdest item you own?
What is the coolest item you own?
What's your favorite snack?
What colour are your eyes?
Aside from your own room, what is your favorite spot in (or around) your house?
What's the best combination of foods?
What historical person do you find really cool?
What is your favourite song lyric?
What's your favorite flower?
What is your favorite historical period?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What is the cutest animal?
What is the most useless talent you have?
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?
Describe your perfect day?
What is a feature you like about yourself?